In the game you do these things
Collect burgers
Fight burger collectors who were turned into monsters


START

Omar doesn't drink lily juice/collect burgers yet

BURGER LORE

He's a villager who lives in the forest
He comes out of his house to take out the thrash, when it gets stolen by a brelephant.
"Hey! That's MY thrash!" he follows the brelephant thru the forest. when it flies away and a monster shows up

omar defeats the monster and it turns into a little slime called dakota

he starts buying burgers because he meets dakota after regressing him from his monster state.
dakota was a burger collectionist, but sells omar all of his collection because "he doesn't really need all this crap"
omar buys it because he doesn't have anything better to do with his money

omar starts buying more and more useless burgers for the same reason, until he starts enjoying travelling and collecting them

but that's not the main reason he travels

THE SHOPKEEPERS

After finding out all burger collectionists were turned into monsters, he's looking to defeat them so they can go back to normal. After that, the defeated keepers start to take refuge in dakota's cave

ENDING
Omar finally reaches the pond.
There, he finds out there was ONE burger collector who wasn't mutating.

He was the one pouring toxic waste onto the other collectors in order to kill them. also to use all that toxic waste he had lying around.
Doesn't matter to him because at least, the fact every other collectionist is a monster means he has the most complete collection.

Omar tells him that't not true, because he's been collecting burgers in his journey.

Omar defeats the last burger collectionist there is. Dunks him in his own toxic waste and fades out of the scene.

Before falling, he drops all the recipes of the burgers he has. The core's collector can cook these for you, for some coin of course.

In the pond, omar discovers lily juice and gets hooked on the thing. He steals a BUNCH of lily juice before leaving.

Omar is now an alcoholic who collects burgers.

If you come back to any zone, there'll be no boss.

POSTMORTEM
If you collect every burger and go back to the pond, you'll find out the last collectionist is not dead. You'll be able to repeat this fight, and when you win it, both the burger collectionist and you will die. both of you will get pushed into toxic waste.

After this, you'll reappear in your house, except this time, you're in the afterlife.

After wandering thru the forest again, you'll find out everyone you helped out is ALSO dead.

Since you're now a burger collectionist, they tell you a secret: there are 8 more burgers in the afterlife. If you find them all, you can ask the genieburger for a wish.

you replay all levels with a more hardcore difficulty.

In the end, you find all burgers and get your wish: Come back to life.
The genie can only grant this wish to you, no one else can come back. And he will only do it if you renounce all your burgers. If you really want them back, you'll have to make them yourself.

Hatburgers is a sequel to this. Omar is still an alcoholic, he somehow remembered how to make the basic hatburger. He will send them instead of going himself because he doesn't feel like going through the same journey all over again.

He doesn't care about making every burger he used to have. He only cares about the Kingburger: His last burger before going to the afterlife. He wants it as a memory

Whatever doesn't match with burgaholic is just omar having very bad memory after dying + his addiction, for example, he thinks he made the whole pipe system even though they were there the whole time because.. who else could've made em? he's the only one left alive